halo 4
I just welcome you to my
fourth episode of locke's club mix
I wanted to clarify all cases
what happens in the last broadcast
I wanted from my buddy
make cohesion in a row and
Logistics max and we wanted a few
thus incorporate things with the
a little more fun will be many cuts
just tinker and a few more extras
For example, have turned on a hookah
and unfortunately this turned down when turning
the shooting has a cat in
my room slipped the door closed
the cat would have to decide completely necessary
and there is no litter box in my room
you have to cat the cat inevitably
on the one hand toilet looking for this
Replacement toilet was then unfortunately
some in front of the bag
the one on the culprits has completely canceled
the bag here is important to us then
during the shoot noticed when she
my bottom has fallen down now
still frank extinguisher you can all
take a quick look at the fact that the
Kita and these there for the floor
supplies the parts with burn holes underneath
coach looks even worse and
I was burning two here
pvc or what is right exactly
window and that is cold as the
videos with 900 degrees
That's why I have no cap and me
only tv2 you know why you go
likewise here a small excerpt
and now that I cut the whole thing
and I was really aware of that
and me a little bit worse now
burn holes practically always
pilgrim's ground, I thought so myself
let my head revue all the time
happen explains what the last so
that's what it expired for
interested and show you this day
a couple of videos also for christmas
For example , there was a recent fit
christmas video made that i have
first uploaded to my sugar side
However, the name is my sugar
Just been too long and side
I needed another name
since we are all channels now
I decided to change to hd
if my show deserves to be called
the one from my pal 3000hd and ours
all channel-like hd's and will there says
My hamster even tell me have ag
have not simply converted mine
channel new and since I came on art has
to do something with drawing has it
not directly art anymore with animation too
However, the name does not do the case
still ok and he was also free
I have taken and now you can
a little taste
I look for a Christmas
video has turned christmas skating art
First there was this great gifts then
you have to buy in tree nick
in which even after I cost that
Again, I have no money
salary increase get all is shit there
that is really very complicated too
if that is going to be relatively primitive
I do not upload videos like that
but first the whole old and
I still have some animations
not quite finished but still in
next time will finish coming
then on this channel and now
still at the conclusion for all the already
the last time and the first
video dancers have seen so is the
now also from time to participate in their
Looseness with weeks he imagines
a little before or
his new band jacket like that
as well as again growing as a club and itself
ask how we or are we not as
quite the new works looks like the gt
I am especially happy about 5000 euro
also just the last one got 100
easily lure the thing yellow shows so
sometimes just out of the house and all that
I can cash again the beautiful
broken good stuff just right
the ready
I feel like a bear people have
and i look like a hat
that's really good from where actually
still very noble and looks
excellent and vital
So you as if someone good to buy
she is a bit tighter
cut out a number
bigger must be in any case
when you're done like me
looks in any case
we are very much i lied we have one
bit leached and said
man is also a girl brand what
you actually say this is one
girl brand or think guys
You can also put on the whole thing
Of course it was fun for us
always a bit
and what do you say to that is if now
Girl brand or a brand for
anyone
that was it first with blockes clip max
my fourth episode just visit
art hd watch the whole video
with the bad ones
christmas and writes apple comment
what wants to stay tuned or
Theme suggestions has easy to everyone
broadcast topic wanted to take in this
it was the students' show
fell over and the cat gave me room
We can do that down there
comments what to write
you want to follow one another blockes
look club mix then clicks too
the left video or do you want the
complete christmas story
then just click on the
right side